h2. An ActionScript 3 Library that contains a number of classes and utilities for working with ActionScript 3.

Tomasino AS3 Library Includes:

* Coming Soon

h3. Getting Started

* "Labs Website":http://labs.tomasino.org

h3. Lab Samples

* "org.tomasino.net.SimpleNetStream":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/07/08/netstream-sucks/ - NetStream wrapper with correct event firing and no callbacks
* "org.tomasino.utils.Debug":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/04/27/trace-replacer/ - Simple debugging with line numbers
* "org.tomasino.io.KeyCodeReader":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/03/01/as3-keycode-reader/ - Simple keyboard keycode input system
* "org.tomasino.display.DepthOfField":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/02/23/depth-of-field/ - Depth of field changer. High CPU use
* "org.tomasino.utils.ObscureText":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/02/23/obscure-text/ - Replace text with visually similar unicode garbage for obfuscation to machines and easy human readability
* "org.tomasino.tracking.omniture.*":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/02/01/flash-omniture-tracking/ - Omniture Tracking
* "org.tomasino.tracking.google.*":http://labs.tomasino.org/2011/01/31/flash-googleanalytics-tracking/ - Google Analytics Tracking
* "org.tomasino.display.DuplicateLoader":http://labs.tomasino.org/2010/04/20/as3-duplicate-loaded-swf/ - Duplicate Loaded SWFs
* "org.tomasino.net.SynchronousLoader":http://labs.tomasino.org/2010/04/01/as3-synchronous-url-xml-loading/ - URLLoader that works synchronously
* "org.tomasino.logging.*":http://labs.tomasino.org/2009/12/04/flash-as3-debug-logging/ - Full featured Debugging
* "org.tomasino.accessibility.TabManager":http://labs.tomasino.org/2009/12/03/flash-as3-focus-management/ - Simple Tab Manager with groups
* "org.tomasino.fonts.FontManager":http://labs.tomasino.org/2009/07/16/flash-as3-runtime-font-manager/ - Runtime Font Loading



h3. Dependencies

* "as3corelib":https://github.com/mikechambers/as3corelib - Required for: JSONLoader, LatLongDist
* "GreenSock Tween Suite":http://www.greensock.com/tweenlite/ - Required for: DepthOfField, ParallaxManager, ScrollWheelWindow, SparkleBox
* Flex - WebServiceProxy
* Omniture Actionsource SWC - org.tomasino.tracking.omniture.*


h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.